Hey, good morning family, praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're excited to be here.
Well, praise the Lord. Yes,
we're here to work
it;
we have work to do,
a path to clear, a road to lay.
Everything is so important in the spirit
realm right now. I have such an urgency;
Diana
and I both do. I want
you to visualize what he was saying
yesterday: acting like it's already
done. For your miracle, what
would you
do if you got what you're believing for
in the next five minutes? If you knew the
breakthrough
was coming through in the next five
minutes and you could set
your timer on it,
what would you do? How would
you act?
In
just that split second he
downloaded that to me yesterday, he said,
'Act like you've already got it.'Let your
praise, like Brother Hagin said, let your
praises
equal your
prayers. If you're praying a lot about it,
let it be
like a scale in the spirit realm. Let
your praises elevate and go up
as much as you're praying about it.
Praise, prayer; praise, prayer. So that
you're glorifying God and you're
praying, but you're
taking the care out of your prayer.
We're not begging believers; we're
believing believers that
realize the
manifestation is coming. We're not trying
to persuade God to give us something: 'God,
please, please bring my
miracle.'No,
thank you. I'm taking the care
and the worry. 'Oh God, they gave
me a bad report. Oh God, they told me that
they're going to come and repo our car
tomorrow, or I
don't have enough money tomorrow. Lord,
the light bill is due and I need
a
new pair of
shoes.'You've
got all this care because of
the
deadline, the pressure of time. Bending to the pressure of
time—the
pressure is always on you.
The bills are always due, the
kids need food, the kids need new
shoes, new clothes, the
school is wanting some kind of field
trip. You've got a
need, but the
care of the world weighs on our
shoulders. It's
just human nature. But read that
scripture: 'Be careful for nothing, but in
everything by prayer and supplication
with thanksgiving, let your requests be
made known unto
God.'So
with thanksgiving, yes.
That's what he was telling me: act like
you've already got it. Get into the
prayer
vein of believing that you've received
it before you've got it, and
stay
in the atmosphere of saying, 'Thank you,
Father. I just believe I'm going to
receive.'I'm
not going to take
the care of 'I've got to have this right
now.'I
thought this was interesting also in
Peter
3:7: 'Husbands, likewise, dwell with them
with understanding, giving honor to the
wife as to the weaker vessel and as
being heirs together of the grace of
life, that your prayers may not be
hindered.'So
he's saying if you're not
honoring your wife and you're not
treating her right, your prayers will be
hindered.
Peter 3:7 states
that if we don't honor our wives and
treat them right, your prayers
aren't going to be heard; they're going
to be
hindered.
There is a flow of honoring
your spouse. Wife, honor your husband
too, but there is a flow as the head of
the house. If you are treating your wife
like
trash and you're
just a bully,
your
prayers will be
hindered. Those scriptures
pop out and make
you realize
it's all an equilibrium.
The spirit
realm is alive, and to get
things active like an engine,
you've
got all the pistons
firing, the fan belt,
all of it going. But if one
thing is off, that car
won't go very far. When you put
your prayer and you get all the things
in motion like
that engine, that
car has the ability to go really fast.
But if it's off just even by a
little bit,
the whole thing is off-kilter. If you get the
timing belt
wrong,
you're going to throw a rod; it's
over.
I'm trying to
compare prayer and walking by faith
to
an engine. How do you make the engine in
the spirit realm run at 100 miles per hour
so that we're doing it full force and
not having these
delayed
responses?
Faith
works by love. If you're not walking
in love, you're not going to get your
blessing.
Love takes no account of
a
suffered wrong. When people talk
bad
about you on the internet, I take no
account of suffering wrong. There
are
plenty of times I could do it every day,
and I go, 'Oh God, help me, Father,
to take no account of a suffered
wrong.'These
people are
running me down on Twitter, on X,
and saying all sorts of things. Love takes no
account of a suffered wrong. Help me
to come up higher in my love walk
because the Bible
says that faith works by
love. God is love,
and perfect love casteth out all fear
because fear has torment, and fear
tolerated is faith contaminated. All
these things are an
equilibrium. Getting
it in motion so that
the prayer engine
works.
How do we make this
prayer engine work? More praise, more
thanksgiving, more glory to God, more
honoring him, lifting up holy hands,
and
keeping your heart right.
I
want impartation from the Holy Spirit
every day, and I want to be changed from
glory to glory every
day.
I don't want to keep going down the
highway the wrong
way
and
wasting time day
after day.
If
nothing is changing, it's because it's
off-kilter.
You're going, 'Lord, what's broken in
this
engine?'If
I can
help you with one thing
through these videos
and you grab one
little thing that changes
your life forever, then we've done our
job. I want to help you get
higher in your prayer.
When the care of life tries to choke you
out, that's one
of the big ones.
I try so hard not to pray the care
because
begging is not believing. Get your care
out of your
prayer. Yes, get your care out of
your prayer.
God is not moved by your
need; he's moved by your faith.
Without faith, it is impossible to
please
him. For he that cometh to God must
believe that he is and that he is a
rewarder of those that diligently seek
him.
I
pray that you all
get a little something and
add that to your engine.
Instead of
going down the same road expecting
different results and
going, 'Why is my life so messed
up?'You
learn by
trial and error,
and by listening to Brother
Hagin,
you go through life's
emotions and
say,
'Holy Spirit, I can't do this
without
you.'He
corrects those he loves.
I told Diana, 'Do I
get a lot
right?'because
I feel I'm always being
molded and corrected.
I want to just be on the right road
doing the right thing.
You can't
put a square tire on a car and
expect it to run, Brandon.
You've
got
to put a round tire on there.
I walk away, and
it happens a lot. Even to
Brandon,
I'll give
him
a tidbit so he
doesn't
struggle with this when he
gets
older.
Learn it now,
Brandon,
so when you get
to
my age, you're
far more advanced.
I don't want my kids
to go through those
stupid
mistakes.
I was talking
about how we bring prayer to a
different
level—it's
bringing a different atmosphere of
thanksgiving. 'God,
thank you for what you're about to
do.'May
is almost here; I'm
going to anticipate something huge in
May.
Just
have that attitude of
expectation. I am expecting God to show
up and show off in my life today.
Even
if you didn't
get your breakthrough today,
I'm expecting God to show up
tomorrow. When I open my eyes, I have
another opportunity. God, I thank you that this
is just the
beginning.
I expect God to talk to
me whenever I'm
praying.
I said something; he's going to
say something. He wants to lead and guide
me.
There
are
some things he tells us
that
I
keep private, for
direction for us. But I believe
God's going to say
something as you pray.
The Bible says, 'I hear my father's
voice, and a stranger's voice I won't
follow.'As
you
communicate with the Father, you expect
expectation back. It would be
rude if you talked to somebody and
they
never
said
anything.
We keep our spiritual ears
open.
That's exactly
where the Lord is. He's going to talk.
It's like a marriage, a
dance.
You lead, I follow.
He's going to talk. Spirit-led
prayers—we're
being filled on a daily
basis.
It
is
a dialogue,
a two-way
conversation.
My Father loves me, and he talks
to me.
Stop
saying, 'I don't hear God.'I
see it
in the
comment section
all the
time.
Faith
calls those things that be not as though
they
were. Start saying, 'I hear my Father talk to
me.'You
have what you
say. Life and death are in the power of
your tongue. You are reaping the fruit of
everything you're saying. If you say, 'God doesn't speak
to
me,'he's
not speaking to you because you
don't have ears to hear. He that has ears
to hear, let him hear what the
Spirit is saying. I have ears to hear.
I hear
you,
Father,
even a pin dropping.
I hear
the still, small voice inside of me. I
hear my
Father talk to me. I will
listen to him, and he will talk to me on
a regular basis.
I will not hear a
familiar spirit or a demonic voice.
I only hear my Father's
voice.
I'm not going to hear
you, devil.
I will not hear audible
voices of devils talking to me. I
only hear what God
has to say. Start saying that over
yourself.
We
always know when it's the devil
because it
brings confusion, fear, and
torment. If you're tormented, it
isn't
God. God
brings peace and joy. 'The
Ultimate Voice'is a wonderful book by
Oral
Roberts. Just like he says at
the end of every chapter,
'So listen, listen again, listen
today.'He's
always
speaking,
and he doesn't speak just to hear
himself
talk. He speaks to make real things
happen in a real world.
It's called 'The Ultimate Voice'by
Oral
Roberts. Get it, amazing book.
Keep saying,
'I hear my
Father talk to
me.'I
am going to be victorious in every area
of my life and I'm going to go
after that giant's head and
take
it. Perfect love casteth out all fear.
If
you're
hearing fear and tolerating
it,
it's not
God.
Make sure it's not a spirit of
forebodings.
Come against the spirit of
A spirit of
forebodings
will always whisper,
'Something bad is about to
happen.'The
Holy Spirit will warn
us about things to come,
but
if you have that caution inside
and you have peace, that's him.
If
you
don't have
peace,
the
peace is
your
umpire.
Follow
the peace. I
have
a dear sister who said
she
didn't have peace about doing
something.
Don't
buck peace. If you don't have
joy and
peace, check yourself.
Never make decisions when you don't
have peace. If they
need an answer right now,
the
answer
is
no.
'No'is
a
complete sentence.
I'm following the
peace of
God.
When you follow the
peace of God, peace follows on your
marriage, your
children, and your
finances.
Father, we just lift up this body
right now. I thank you,
Father, that you were wounded for our
transgressions and bruised for our
iniquities. The chastisement of our peace
was upon you, and with your stripes,
we are healed. Thank you for
what you did for us 2,000 years ago.
Jesus, you are the
ultimate sacrifice, the Lamb slain
before
the foundation of the world. We're
grateful
for all
you've
provided: for the air
in our lungs, the food,
the
drink,
the clothes on
our
backs.
We lift up the blood
before you. We
can confess our sins to you privately,
and you are faithful
and just to forgive us and
cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Holy
Spirit, take me from glory to glory
and correct me. You are the captain
of my ship.
Thank you,
Lord,
that
you've
never given up on
us. You sent
angels;
we have bodyguards
in the heavenlies
protecting us right now.
He gave us
the Holy
Spirit, our Comforter, our standby.
He
made
a
mansion
for you
with gold
streets.
Well, praise the Lord. Thank you for
joining us today. Click
that notification bell, the like
button, and the subscribe button. We'll
be back again tomorrow to pray
more
with y'all.
Thank you,
Brandon.
Subscribe, click the notification bell.
Hopefully, this blessed you.
Comment something nice down below.
Help us with the algorithm.
God bless you all.
Remember, put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much.
Bye-bye.